hello my love today i have
finally the desired primacall for
I'm sorry that's a bit
took longer but yes I am
somehow did not come to that
rotate
I hope you have fun and behind me
please a thumb up there in the year and
write with my comments if I am
should do several wood and is
At the same time you will say I found
synonymous with the same with what I have
and that is the support cuddly
black sweater from primark who looks
that is really super rich that can
one is so close it is friday or Friday
a blouse underneath that the sick
looks but already worn looks
also super nice and so has 14
cost euro
is it going on I'm there
that's a bit longer now
fast and yes
one can also wonderful to
Blouse put on the blouse underneath
and then the blouse looks up to here
longer out and yes this kropp there
I have a size 38 and I have eight
the cost also in royal blue and euro
in black next I have one
Blouse a white blouse from the white
You can never have enough blouses
I can never say enough about blouses
have and yes I have now in the
size 40 then you can see now completely
actually that she is too big
because she is just longer and how can
Of course, you also have a longer aim
yes she has such a cutout her and
golden buttons and you can too
make longer and I have now in
the size of 40 liters and said I believe
and that cost ten or twelve euros
Then I can be another
and because it's black and red here
I have unfortunately streaked in now
the size 40 canceled because I unfortunately
rather there was unfortunately the size was not
more a bit stupid because you are here
then see the big section
can
but if you wear blazer over it
then yes you can not see the whole thing anymore
and that has both buttons and has
Eleven years hard to believe I'm coming
Now for another blouse that is
black and white to emphasize quite
or squares or whatever
and you can make that longer and
yes, that's a bit longer
I'm getting prettier I've got in now
the size 36 and has ten euros
costs now I come to a sweater
or
such a knit sweater and with such a
leather detail here I found also quite
nice and it's the three four or so
seven eighth no idea how it's done
takes
and yes the pullover has cost eight euros
and I have the size 38 come
I become one of my highlights to one
is it the cool pullover and now
I come to a super fluffy
child in coat
yes it is not for everyone
maybe I find him totally
cuddly and totally beautiful and he only has
so people cost twelve euros if that
no bargain then I know
not further
and then I have one more
black scarf took such a
hose scarf it is easy on it and
Well , that's all I think
chic and has only four euro
Since we already at
fluffy and cuddly soft you still
so the super rossis ochs and really like that
cuddly and the table quite happy
Just be careful at home if you like me
always have cold feet and that's
Perfect for my cold feet and before
Everything for the season and have
only three euros cost 3 level 3 euros that
is really crazy you come now
I adore it and I have it yes
bought three chains and is to a lake
it has become the chain so visible it is
with black and silver rising around there
down so yes yourself a larger one
steinchen no idea I be said
should
and yes, I do not have that much silver
I thought I would take chains
Join them now and I was too
not at all I think I really cuddle
and they only cost six euros like that
Now I come to another chain
which I also like to wear and indeed
is it the black and gold here that is
is a great combo if I mean
favorite combination and yes it has like
So I explain that so pack up
a bit Egyptian windy and yes the
also fits really great here too
I wear the pullover and wear it completely
gladly also costs 6 euro
and now I can too
last part to the last chain and
Although it looks like gold silver and
with pink finds super nice dick can
It's really great to be one
put on white blouse or too
black and yes I think really nice and
it also costs only six euros
not the last part and that is what I have
bought another bag I have ne
bag searched, the need is greater with
I stop that I stop
can take a vocational school and yes the
actually really great for that and can
you wear this way or over the
shoulder and that only costs 14 euros
yes we was now's it
I very much hope that
you liked and yes I hope
Do you want to go next time ?